Export a data map using fides resources (#350)
ethyca/fides: docs/fides/docs/language/resources/organization.md

# Organization

An Organization represents all or part of an enterprise or company, and establishes the root of your resource hierarchy. This means that while you can have more than one Organization resource, they can't refer to each other's sub-resources. For example, your "American Stores" Organization can't refer to the Policy objects that are defined by your "European Stores" Organization.

> The Organization resource will also contain vital information in regard to compliance reporting in the case of a data map or RoPA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Organization resource will also contain vital information with regards to compliance reporting in the case of a data map or RoPA (Record of Processing Activities).
```
